Is there a wooden bench too?
["NANA bnb with SEVENTEEN" will be premiered on June 2]
There surely is
[Amazed]
How about an iron pot?
An iron pot!
Kimchi and pork belly on it
[(Rattling on)]
And soju sounds nice, DK
[(Ratting on)]
Amazing
- It's nice
- You got it
- NANA Store sounds cute
- [Staff] This time again...
[Staff] We're going to make
a video collection together
[Staff] So you should do
a survey for it as well
We got it
[A sudden survey request]
By the way
what's the video collection?
The video collection?
[(A strange word)]
What's that?
[Taking the request meekly]
[Checking others]
[Is it a survey?]
Oh
[While some realize
what it is]
[Others don't get what it is]
[Staff] You can just do it
while we're moving
What's this?
Bingo?
[Quiet!]
[Actually, It's not a survey]
[(Apparently) a bingo]
["What did you say, Owner Na"]
[A brief explanation]
[Owner Na doesn't know this]
[So don't get caught]
[Words NA may say often]
[Write those words]
[50,000 won for a line bingo]
[They'll earn extra money]
[In the meantime]
Survey, survey
[He thinks
they're doing a real survey]
"What did you say, Owner Na?"
[(Mumbling)]
[Staff was surprised]
[Be quiet, DK!]
[By mulling over]
[By mulling over
everyone's filling the blanks]
Who can't say this...?
[(Whispering)]
Do we write down
what PD Na can't say?
It's not that
[(Whispering)]
What he may say often!
Write down anything
- From PD Na? / - Yes
[JUN's struggling]
[And...]
What do we write here, DINO?
[THE 8 is struggling too]
The survey...
[(Countersign)]
You can just answer them
[They can't call it a bingo]
Ah... Huh?
Video... The video team thing
[(Faking)]
[Checking PD Na]
[Touching him]
[Contact]
[Whispering]
[So nervous like a spy movie]
Should I write them all here?
[Fortunately Owner Na was
unable to hear them]
It's so difficult
It's difficult
It's hard to fill the blanks
[Struggling with the bingo]
Is it the name
of our destination?
Is it Boeun county, right?
[Carefully filling the blanks]
[On the other hand]
[Cheating others' bingos]
[In the meantime]
[Smiling]
["channel fullmoon"]
[(Staff) ...!!]
[He found the answer]
[S.COUPS finished
filling the blanks first]
[DINO, JUN, SEUNGKWAN, MINGYU, THE 8
S.COUPS, JEONGHAN, WOOZI, HOSHI, JOSHUA]
[He added members' names
here and there]
[Curious]
[Writer Dae-ju, PD Hyo-jung]
[SEUNGKWAN added staff names]
[Game, song, cook, interview, staff
NANA Store, 10th anniversary, bnb]
[WONWOO’s bingo plate]
[NANA Store, game, “NANA bnb”]
[HOSHI’s bingo plate]
[DK's bingo plate]
[SALUTE]
[He mentioned it again]
Ha...
[JUN seemed to finish it]
[THE 8 also finished it]
[Staff] Who finished it?
[(10 minutes are over)]
- Me / - I did it
[Everyone finished it]
Who needs more time?
[Peeking]
Did you finish the survey
JEONGHAN?
Did you finish it?
Okay, nice job
[Caring him carefully]
[Staff] Before collecting
the survey forms...
[Staff] If you have any questions
[Staff] You can ask PD Na
[That means...]
Yes
Start?
[(Bingo)]
[The game starts now!]
[It will last for 30 minutes
from now on!]
Do you have any questions...?
[Staff] Just in case...
[Because right now]
[They have many things
to hear from you]
Do you have any questions?
[(Ask away!)]
What’s the store?
- The store you mentioned? / - Store!
[HOSHI’s first trial]
Store, store!
A snack bar...
There's a snack bar
[Owner Na] If you need
anything just in case
You can get it from there
[(The answer's over)]
[The full name wasn't said
so he failed]
We're not in Italy this time
Can't I say salute? Salute?
Is it okay to say it?
[He's so direct...]
Then would it be illegal?
[A wise answer
to a silly question]
- It's up to me!
- Totally
Right...
You can say it if you want, DK
[He failed]
Then what's the program name?
[I already told you that...]
"NANA bnb"
[Kind]
- "NANA bnb"...
- "NANA bnb"?
I'm the owner of the bnb
["NANA bnb"]
[A thrilling first success]
[Tertius gaudet]
["NANA bnb"]
It's a really good name
Bnb...
I'm the owner
[He's just proud]
By the way, does JEONGHAN
know he's going too?
- Sorry?
- JEONGHAN?
JEONGHAN
[(Right next to him)]
He's here, next to me
Is he on the bus?
[Thank you, JEONGHAN...!]
JEONGHAN's here
[JEONGHAN] [JEONGHAN]
[Many beneficiaries are busy]
[JEONGHAN]
[Suddenly so silent]
Well...
[(Suspicious)]
What's going on?
[The bus has suddenly
become silent]
I felt something's happening
[(Suspicious)]
You're doing something
I felt something's happening
[He noticed something]
You're doing something
[Lol...]
[He noticed something]
[So cold...]
Why do you make that face
Minghao?
No, I'm not doing anything
Your face now...
You look so wicked now!
I'm sorry
[THE 8 (Xu Minghao)]
[Minghao]
[He checked his name]
[(Under a cloud of suspicion)
He checked his name]
[Lol]
- MINGYU! / - Yes
[(Changing the target)]
Look me in the face
Looking him in the face]
- I feel something
- There's nothing
Something I don't know...
[While suspicion grows...]
I think you're doing something
Where were we heading to?
[(Hurriedly)]
Bo...
[Nicely changing the topic]
Boeun county in Chungbuk
Boeun county in Chungbuk?
Boeun county
Boeun county... Ah...
[Boeun county] [Boeun county]
[Actually, I know that]
When we go there...
what do you sell there?
What?
What do you sell there?
[(From NANA Store)]
From the store?
[Suspicious...]
What? What are they doing?
HOSHI keeps talking
about the snack bar
[Avoiding his eyes]
Minghao...
He's still staring at me
Just say something!
[(Sad)]
By the way, you're using
his real name to call him
- Sorry...?
- You're using his real name
Why? Does it matter now?
[(Confused)]
You're calling him
by his real name
But you're calling S.COUPS
by his stage name
[THE 8 and Seungcheol are
written on MINGYU's bingo]
Young-seok, can you do it now?
What?
[(On guard)]
The chanting?
[(Suddenly) the chanting?]
Saying all of our names?
No way, I won't do it anymore
Do it once
Do it once while watching it
[The chanting for SEVENTEEN]
Seungcheol, Jeonghan, Jisoo, Junhui
Soonyoung, Wonwoo, Jihoon, Minghao
[Source: PLEDIS Entertainment]
Mingyu, Seokmin, Seungkwan
Hansol, Chan
Hansol, Seungkwan, Seokmin
Mingyu, Minghao
Jihoon, Wonwoo, Soonyoung, Junhui
Jisoo, Jeonghan, Seungcheol
♪ Under the direction!
[(Tight rhythm)]
[Proud]
It's so exhausting
You know our ages now
[Almost crying]
Who's after S.COUPS?
[(The chanting order)]
S.COUPS, JEONGHAN, JOSHUA...
[(Giving him a hint)]
But S.COUPS... That one...
We say your real name!
[(Important)]
Do it once now, Young-seok!
While watching it!
- Do it now, yes
- While watching it?
[If he says our names once]
[If he says our names once
we'll earn money for sure]
But should I do it? Why?
[(Anxious)]
I don't want to do it
I don't want to do it now!
[Niminy-piminy]
S.COUPS, I won't do it now
Because it's up to me
I won't do it
[It was close!]
[Abruptly]
Aren't we supposed to move
when we're on board?
[Staff] So we're moving
now comfortably!
I don't feel comfortable...
By the way
do you know my number?
[Owner Na] Huh?
Do you know my number...?
[(Expecting)]
[Trying to get the intention]
You...
JUN... Your number?
Yes
[JUN] [WOOZI's smiling]
[Junhui]
[He wrote JUN's real name]
- Do you know his real name?
- What?
Do you know JUN's real name?
[Owner Na] JUN's real name?
- JUN's real name...
- [Staff] You should know that
Is it difficult?
- Is it difficult?
- You really don't know that?
Is JUN's real name
hard to remember?
Do you know HOSHI's real name?
- How about HOSHI's name?
- Guess our real names
Your real names...
Aren't you using them now?
I thought so
[Liar...]
You hurt my feeling
It's a bit hurtful
[(Ganging up on PD Na)]
I feel disappointed
I thought so
Isn't DK's real name DK?
[(Brazen face)]
Isn't D his surname?
- D...! / - I thought so
- A single word name
I thought so
[So childish]
I thought of VER and D
as these two's surnames
VER...
- VER and D / - VER
[(A new unit)]
I feel something's going on
[Owner] JOSHUA, don't you have
any questions to me?
Any questions?
Do you know JOSHUA's real name?
Isn't Jo his surname
and Shua his first name?
[Shua Jo / LA-based Jo family]
My real name is Hong Jisoo
[(JOSHUA's real name)]
Who?
Hong Jisoo!
Ah really?
[Well, I get it]
[Owner Na] It's my first time
to hear your name
I get it
[(Funny)] [Lol]
You said you've heard it
firstly today, right?
He only knows his stage name
[SEUNGKWAN's Jittery]
I think he's acting out now
[(Suspicious)]
No, no...
Writer... Just before...
[(Carefully)]
No, the writer...
- [Owner Na] Writer?
- [Staff] Writer?
What's... his name...?
[Kim Dae-ju (Main writer)]
Writer Dae-ju...
[(Where is he?)]
[Lol]
He's sitting there
There you are, there you are
I thought you moved
I'm sorry
He's...
I think he's doing something
[Sad]
Well... He's like...
[- He failed -]
Is WOOZI here?
[(Suddenly)]
You're there
[On board] [Lol]
Where's WOOZI? I can't see him
[(A big catch)]
[Pffp]
There he is
[WOOZI] [Success]
[Owner Na] Why's WOOZI silent?
[Why do you think so?]
WOOZI's getting
what he wants well
[Is he playing
the bingo well silently?]
- You all look like weirdos…
- Weirdos
[Weirdo 1] [Weirdo 2]
[They are the most suspicious]
[Owner Na] There's something
but I have no idea what it is
You're trying to make me
say something, right?
And everyone wants
different things
Are you... still living there?
Me... Me?
I'm just asking!
[(No intention)]
Ah...
[He's lost again]
I see...
What should I say...?
[(Frustrated)]
Young-seok! Young-seok!
- What's your eyeglasses brand?
- Your eyeglasses brand
[Endless random questions]
The destination we're going to
It's Boeun county in Chungbuk
Is it Boeun county
in Chungcheongbuk-do?
Because I'm confused
[(What?)
From smoke into smother]
What does that mean?
It can be Chungnambuk-do!
[Gibberish]
It makes sense
[Going nuts]
- I want to know the exact place
- Tell me the exact name
- Don't you really know it?
- You're working so hard
If you can say the exact name
[(Mumbling)]
I should know perfectly...
- About the destination / - Recently...
[(Mumbling)]
People shorten everything!
[Chungbuk]
People abbreviate everything
But Chungbuk isn't the case
- We've called it that way
- But what I mean is...
What's the full name?
[Chungbuk]
Isn't it Chungcheongbuk-do?
[(Kind member 1)]
Will it be Chungcheongbuk-do?
[Kind member 2]
It's Chungcheongbuk-do!
[Kind member 3]
Really? Wasn't it
Chungnambuk-do?
I think I should hear it
from Young-seok
Other members have
already said the answer
I don't seem to answer it
I see
[Every Mon / Fri at Weverse]
["NANA bnb with SEVENTEEN"]
[Premiere at 10:10 PM, June 2]
[Every Mon / Fri at Weverse]
[Watch the full version
on Weverse]